what's up classmates
no tales today hiya juice on them Stassi
Bernie need all talking at Madaba
kimitachi just like old times let's make
this reunion our bitch yeah that's what
I'm afraid of we just as obnoxious as
these kids back in the day
why are you doing nothing
bullshit
Jim you do realize that the lid is
see-through high school was awesome
getting married have kids not another
stupid shit that's it Reba you get that
Oh Dakota on that can take no koibito
fatigue do you think my mother August I
so that means never looks different none
of our lives are perfect but what do you
say we keep this party going and head up
this reunion don't die today and though
the key to its energy entertainment
American I'm fine boy to feel a little
too dark I don't it's gone mom doing oh
my god water we found you an egg into
the sea tow mater the get up there in
the dock my opposite